It's a hangman's tree, and it is I yourself.
Oh, hangman, hangman, it's like your rope, or it's like it for a while.
I think I see my own dear father come riding many miles.
Oh, father, did you pay my gold, or did you bring my fee?
Or did you come to see me hang to yonder's wheel of three?
Oh, no, I did not bring your gold and did not pay your fee.
I come to see you hang today to yonder's wheel of three.
Oh, hangman, hangman, slack your rope, or slack it for a while.
I think I see my own dear mother come riding me on your mind.
Oh mother did you bring my gold or did you pay my fee?
Or did you come to see me hang beyond a thrill of three?
Oh, no, I did not bring your gold or did not pay your fee.
I come to see you hang today beyond the blue sea.
Oh, hangs my hands like your old folks, like it's far off mine.
I think I see my own true love.
Come riding in your mouth.
Oh, true love, did you bring my gold?
Or did you pay my fee?
Or did you come to see me hang to yonder's wheel of three?
Oh, yes, I brought you gold, my dear, and also paid your fee.
I did not come to see you hang to yonder little tree.